welcome back they told me as almost
20,000 votes have come in and they will
not give me the result I'm desperate to
know the result they say it's tight very
tight so i'll give you the final result
when I know as soon as you know I know
in just a couple of minutes anyway they
reckon they're talking above all the
speed of a boat's taking off with all
the speed of a space shuttle this is
remote control helicopters and these
ain't no toys they're grunt machines
that almost seem to defy the laws of
physics and the world's best pilots
they're buzzing their way to Hamilton
this weekend for the big RC helicopter
smash down Michael Holland were the men
or should that be big boys and their
incredible flying machines it's mounted
graceful this dance of the dancing
dragon fly and if the constant buzz
doesn't send you loopy buzzing brian
butler will soon have your hits finish
you can imagine getting hit with a
carbon fiber machete at 350 miles an
hour it basically will remove whatever
it hits including your head strut your
stuff in the sky that's what they call
it these days i'm in you've lost that in
the clamp and we'll see you here in a
minute it's not a worry I if I don't
find her soon it might be for everyone
turn of the head the tail turns four
point six times so the tails really
screaming they say you were elite you
that that just means I'm old yeah I've
been around for a while yeah how many US
titles uh nineteen nineteen football
yeah how many more he's not sure the
nimble thumbs of the video game
generation now lifting off you'll see a
new guy a new kid he's nine years old or
ten years old and he justed something
you've never been able to do it's like
dang it pesky sorts like my leader in
South Australia's finest pilots
regardless of age easy it's easy yeah
you sure about it yeah have you ever had
any new zealand grass before all right
no I how about giving other going
do you see yourself sitting in their
cockpit pretty much from from a standing
point of view where I am you know you've
got an imagine yourself that you're in
there some of the maneuvers your peer
wedding really fast and turning really
fast if you imagine stuff in the model
you just get airsick you know because
it's just going too fast real that
that's the thrill right there what's
that cool funnel funnel yeah like the
gun the fun with that I love oh speaking
of big there's none bigger in this
upside-down world right now then you
guessed it another American knickknacks
well
wow you're smiling yeah is that all just
part of the deal yes sir it happened but
you're the world 3d masters champion am
i rubbing this in all the guys they
always say no one likes to see anyone
crash but we sure as hell don't like to
miss it either and this was a
demonstration especially for us yep my
apology oh no it's not your fault okay
see that maize crop over there yeah how
about a couple of crop circles in there
why not we might have solved the mystery
hahaha it really honestly is one of the
funnest things you can actually do
legally it's fantastic I mean you get
out in the exhilaration that you get
from the first flight it's just as
fantastic is when you actually get
really hardcore into the stuff you see
these guys doing every new milestone is
fantastic so what are the chances that
may have been applied ah you really what
10 11 pretty much you'll usually lose
sight of it before you lose control of
it line of sight you can control one of
these for about a mile and a half your
eyesight will lose sight of it along
where you get to a mile and a half koi
in the sense that it's fun not a toy in
the sense that it's very dangerous and
very serious but a little bit of care
taken little build knowledge it's it's
something you can do and do safer good
advice not lost even on that most talent
of the breeds the Natural Born flyer I
think they're giving but Terry
from chelsey
we're very good listen if you like the
look of that they're flying tomorrow and
Sunday Abby Hamilton model aero club in
Melbourne I write our time to see where
you stand on this under saw wait so
let's have a look here coming be a big
oh no I should be all white said one
thing supreme hilberg award fifty-eight
percent of you said yes they should have
forty-two percent no I owe somebody I
can't remember what it was i think was
ten cents a million dollars was at nine
an exciting it was ten cents anyway well
done thanks for boating thanks for
watching on the program this week you
have a wonderful weekend we'll see you
again soon that's New Zealand closer